General api overhaul (#324)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/README.md

# Code Samples

> To access our Epidata API (Other Diseases) visit our [Epidata API Client Libraries)](client_libraries.md). For anyone looking for COVIDCast data, please visit our [COVIDCast Libraries](covidcast_clients.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access our Epidata API, visit our [Epidata API Client Libraries)](client_libraries.md). For anyone looking for COVIDCast data in particular, please visit our purpose-built [COVIDCast Libraries](covidcast_clients.md) instead.
```
